  The Hip Hippocampi were not a fan of winter. Especially winter in Toronto. They decided one day instead that this would be the year that they would go on the most awesome vacation ever. They would pack their bags, put in their two-weeks notices, and head to the warmest place they could find on the surface of the Earth. Luckily, the Hip Hippocampi were pro-researchers; they Googled the warmest places on Earth and systematically decided on the pros and cons of each location. They compared weather data, ran analyses on the risk of winter ever hitting these locations, and consulted with environmental experts. Unluckily, none of them considered the correlation of tropical weather and...INSECTS! This is the story of how the Hip Hippocampi, a naive group of summer-seekers, were transformed into a DEET-repellent wearing, bug-evading super team.
  

  Ariana's morning routine consisted of bathing in DEET and then slipping into her free-standing, pop-up mosquito net. Although thankful that she was safe from the hoard of insects that buzzed within every vacuole of their living quarters, this was not the kind of vacation she had imagined. She opened her novel, ready to enjoy what was perhaps the single gratifying part of the trip -- leisure reading -- only to find that the humidity had ruined the poor book quite thoroughly. She set the novel down and sighed. No, this was not the kind of vacation she had imagined at all. 


  While Ariana enjoyed all the peacefulness that the mosquito net provided, Natalia was on a mission. She had decided that she was once and for all done with these horrid mosquitoes, and that something simply had to be done. Unbeknownst to Ariana, it was not the humidity that had ruined her book. No, in fact - it had been Natalia that had purposefully sabotaged it the night before. Why, you might ask? Well, her plan to rid the world of mosquitoes required a full team to be on board. And if Ariana was spending her time reading instead of mosquito-fighting, her plan would be ruined. So, she had secretly sabotaged her team's belongings, sparing nothing that could serve as a distraction from this mission. 
  

  Grace spent the majority of her time at Unnecessarily Hotopolis, swatting away at the insects that were near her. She noticed Natalia's interest in Ariana's belongings, but was too busy ridding herself of the fleas, flies, and treebugs, that were continually invading her space, and busied herself by filling her pillows, mattress, and shoes with cubes of ice to cool herself down. On one of these occasions, she found herself assaulted by a rather large "Ridding the World of Mosquitos" notebook, and a small "Mosquitos" textbook. Before she could even muster a quiet "ouch", Natalia had grabbed her arm, textbook, and notebook, and whisked Grace away, on a "mosquitoes ridding" journey. Natalia had bundeled them up in an oddly large room, with a large whiteboard, and a single lightbulb hanging from ceiling. 


<<<<<<< HEAD
Grace spent the majority of her time at Unnecessarily Hotopolis, swatting away at the insects that were near her. She noticed Natalia's interest in Ariana's belongings, but was too busy ridding herself of the fleas, flies, and treebugs, that were continually invading her space, and busied herself by filling her pillows, mattress, and shoes with cubes of ice to cool herself down. On one of these occasions, she found herself assaulted by a rather large "Ridding the World of Mosquitos" notebook, and a small "Mosquitos" textbook. Before she could even muster a quiet "ouch", Natalia had grabbed her arm, textbook, and notebook, and whisked Grace away, on a "mosquitoes ridding" journey. Natalia had bundled them up in an oddly large room, with a large whiteboard, and a single lightbulb hanging from the ceiling. Grace looked over at Vignash and Ariana and asked "What's going on?", to which Vignash replied: 

"All these mosquitoes are making me hungry... Not really sure what this is about, but I hope we can get something to eat later! For some reason I can't find any of the snacks in my bag." Unbeknownst to Vignash, Natalia had thrown out all of his snacks the night before while tampering with Ariana's book. She knew Vignash would never leave his bed while he could subsist off potato chips and granola bars, and needed everyone to join the cause.

  Grace looked over at Vignash and Ariana and asked "What's going on?", to which Vignash replied: 


  "All these mosquitoes are making me hungry... Not really sure what this is about, but I hope we can get something to eat later! For some reason I can't find any of the snacks in my bag", he replied.


  Unbeknownst to Vignash, Natalia had thrown out all of his snacks the night before while tampering with Ariana's book. She knew Vignash would never leave his bed while he could subsist off potato chips and granola bars, and needed everyone to join the cause.
  
  "I was looking all over for you guys!" An unfamiliar voice echoed through the room. "Sorry for being late, my flight was delayed...but more importantly, why are we in a room that looks like a nondescript lab at the University of Toronto Scarborough...?" Nina stopped in her tracks finally taking note of tense atmosphere. Natalia motioned to something. Not fully understanding the situation, Nina grabbed a copy of "Ridding the World of Mosquitos" lying conspicuously on the table and took a seat.

  "We're going to rid the world of mosquitos, one line of code at a time!" she said as Ariana, Grace, and Vignash, opened a book, chewed on ice cubes, and nibbled on some breadsticks, respectively. (Nina nodded along, still not sure what was going on.) Reluctantly, the team began to type away on their vacation-computers, on a plan to save the planet from the dreadful mosquitos. As word began to go out that this was what they planned to do, the Hip-Hippocampi began to receive nasty emails from Bug Repellant companies.

  "See? Couldn't we just go back to vacationing, and worrying about Pina Coladas instead?" they whined with bags under their eyes, and coffee stains on the tables. 


  "No! Never," Natalia said indignantly, "We can't let those profiting companies stop us. Besides, have any of you had any success using Bug Repellant here? No, of course not. That stuff is practically just chemical water in a fancy, overpriced bottle designed to fool us humans that we have some level of protection from mosquitoes." 
  
  
  Hearing Natalia's frustration, Ariana, Grace, and Vignash were all suddenly struck by the same idea: maybe, the key to defeating mosquitoes was to expose the Bug Repellant corporations first! (Nina pretended to also be struck by the same idea.)  After all, if their products weren't working, the least the team could do was make the public realize. Then, perhaps, they'd focus their efforts elsewhere to defeat mosquitoes better. Maybe the public would even fund research on the destruction of the mosquito population! All four looked up at Natalia, only to see her frantically scribbling in red marker on the white board and mumbling to herself. Grace nodded to the other three and told their sudden idea to Natalia. 
  
  
>>>>>>> b7888569ad9f806efcf3af2c874615d53ab4599b
